#LyX 1.6.8 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 345
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass scrartcl
\use_default_options true
\language english
\inputencoding auto
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\author "" 
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title

\noun on
expr
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subtitle
Language Elements
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\noun on
expr
\noun default
 is a system consisting on a parser, compiler, assembler and interpreter
 for a reduced language.
 
\noun on
expr
\noun default
 is not turing-complete, nor does it have any kind of looping constructs.
 It's main purpose is to support evaluation of formula-like expressions,
 with an emphasis on efficiency.
 
\noun on
expr
\noun default
's interpreter is a stack machine, and the programs consist of bytecode
 in reverse polish notation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The system is sufficiently modular so as to allow, for example, another
 parser to be plugged in.
 This allows the development of increased functionality, such as a more
 friendly syntax.
 The standard implementation fucuses on simplicity, as well as providing
 an almost one to one mapping of syntactic elements to machine code.
 This documents presents the elements of 
\noun on
expr
\noun default
 as found in this implementation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection

\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
